how do I get someone to use more leg
Drive where do I tell the hips to go
higher or lower higher or lower what's
more leg Drive
lower okay so how low do I go then I
know
what but here I come oh
where do I look for
Shin's doing what
yeah where the bus stays over your mid
foot so let's explain what's happening
when I go lower the lower I go the
further forward The Shins go now the bar
can't come straight up it's away from my
center of mass
okay so what's going to happen if I try
and deliver here what would happen what
do you see when someone does that they
they do their aggressive
what do you see happen the hips shoot up
so they can get their shins out of the
way and the bark can roll back on their
Center of mass and then lift off the
ground
on this load it's easy so I can there's
large room for error on the maximal
loads there is no room for error that
bar isn't going to leave the ground
unless it's on the center of my base of
support if it's forward I can't lift it
as it gets closer and closer now I can
lift it
come on it's not as deep as you can
it's as low as you can while still
having The Shins out of the way of the
bar path so that's how deep you go how
deep is that what's the answer it's
different for everyone it's relative to
the individual's proportions